# Text Files
Separating the code and the content of a project can be very beneficial. Doing so allows you to work on the systems and the story (if the project is a game) separately. This can be helpful for focus reasons if you are a solo developer and vital for division of workload if you are a part of a team. Potentially the best way to do this is to place the content in a completely separate file and then read in the contents of that file in the code.

```python
f = open("1. Functions.md")
content = f.read()
f.close()
```

One must always remember to close the file you have opened if you choose to do it this way. If one does not want to worry about this step, one can use Python's `with` keyword.

```python
with open("1. Functions.md") as f:
    content = f.read()
```

The `with` keyword deals with the closing of files for you and sets the variable you provide (here `f`) to the output of what is placed between the `with` and `as` keywords.


### Read
Writing the code as is shown above defaults to allowing you to read the contents of a file but does not allow you to change those contents. Technically, the above and below code are equivalent, but it is always better to be more explicit if you can.

```python
with open("things.txt", "r") as f:
    f.read()
```

### Overwrite
The below code will overwrite the file (replace the contents of the file) with the string provided.

```python
with open("things.txt", "w") as f:
    f.write("hi")
```

### Add
The below code will add the string provided to the end of the file.

```python
with open("things.txt", "a") as f:
    f.write("hi")
```

### Get list of files in folder
The `os` package gives useful commands that can help get the list of files or folder in a given folder. An example in which such an action would be useful is if you had the writer for a specific project create individual files for each character and the code required getting a list of each of those characters.

```python
import os
os.listdir(path_to_folder : str)
```

This function gives a list of all files and folders in the given folder.

To determine which items in the list are files use:

```python
import os
os.path.isfile(path_to_file_or_folder : str)
```


```python
import os

def getFolderInFolder(folder : str):
    files : list[str] = []
    for fileOrFolder in os.listdir(folder):
        if (os.path.isfile(f"{folder}/{fileOrFolder}")):
            files.append(fileOrFolder)
    return files

def getFolderInFolder(folder : str):
    files : list[str] = []
    for fileOrFolder in os.listdir(folder):
        if (not os.path.isfile(f"{folder}/{fileOrFolder}")):
            files.append(fileOrFolder)
    return files

for a in getFolderInFolder(".."):
    print(a)
```
