# Printing

The first step most programmers take when working on a new project or with a new machine is to display some text on the screen to make sure everything is working. To tell the computer to do this we use the ```print``` command. In computer science we call these commands "functions" but you can think of them as orders we are giving the computer. Computers are not designed with the abilty to display text on the screen built into their hardware, so technically the ```print``` function is a link to some code that someone else wrote that we get to use. If you just write the ```print``` function and run the code, what you are doing is simply informing the computer where that printing code is and nothing more. If you run the program as is, the computer will see that you told it where the code is and then move on. To tell it to run the code we are linking to, add parenthasis.
```python
print()
```
If you run the code now, it will print nothing to the command line. Makes sense because we told the computer to print, but not what to print. Lets tell it to print the location of the ```print``` function's code.
```python
print(print)
```
If you run the code now, it will put the text on the command line that says the print code is stored with the other built in functions. *Note 1

This showcases a problem however. How does one differenciate between the word "print" and the function "print"? This is similar to a problem novelists had back in the day, namely how do you differenciate between words the characters speak and what the narrator says in a book. To solve this, they put quotation marks around the text the characters speak. *Note 2 This is also how computer scientists solved the problem that we are facing. Double quotes (or single quotes, Python does not care, but some other languages do) around the text and no quotes around the commands. So,
```python
print
```
is the command print while
```python
"print"
```
is the word print.


Now we can print the word print or any other word. Below is how to print the word hi.
```python
print("hi")
```

### For this project

So lets add the text to interview a suspect.

```python
print("Sir Regenald")
print(" Hello my good man.")
print("-----")
print("Ask a question:")
print(' "Are you the theif?"')
print(' "Did you witness anything?"')
```








### Notes

> Note 1:

If we had created our own function, it would tell us the precice location in the computer's memory where the function is stored.
```python
def hi():
    print("hi")
print(hi)
```

> Note 2:

Another problem shows up if the text we want to give the computer includes quotation marks. To fix this, surround " marks with ' marks and vice versa, so the text
"hello"
in Python is
```python
'"hello"'
```
. And the text
"She said 'hi' to me|
is
```python
'"She said ' + "'hi'" + ' to me"'
```
