# Variables

Currently, we can take info in from the player, but we can't do anything with it except print it back out to them. In order to do something with it, we may need to access the choice the player made on multiple lines of the program. Because of the way functions replace themselves, the data disappears after it is used once. To fix this, we must store it somewhere.

We can define a place to store items, give that place a name so we can easily reference it somewhere else in the code, and then put whatever data we like in that storage spot like this:
```python
storage_place = "hi"
```
This storage space is called a variable. *Note 1* Storing something in the variable is called _setting_ a variable to have specific contents.

Once you store something in a variable, you can access that data again how many times you would like. You can access the contents of a variable at any point after you set those contents.
```python
storage_place = "hi"
print("hi)
```

You can change the contents of a variable:
```python
storage_place = "hi"
storage_place = "bye"
```

Because of the replacement way computers work with code, you can set a variable to be itself with some other contents
```python
storage_place = "hi"
storage_place = storage_place + " everyone"
# Becomes:
storage_place = "hi" + " everyone"
# Becomes:
storage_place = "hi everyone"
```

You can store anything in a variable. *Note 2*


### List

You can store a list of items in a variable. You can put anything you can store in a variable as an item in a list. You use commas to separate the items.

```python
a_list = ["item1", "item2", "item3", "item4", 5]
```

The first element in the list is element 0. Since computer science came from math, it counts the positive real numbers. This also comes from the binary system that the computer uses to count.

So to get the first item of a list you would write code like this:

```python
a_list[0]
```

If you wanted to find out how long a list is, you use `len` (short for length).

```python
print(len(a_list))
```

A list can be of any length, including length zero.

```python
a_list = []
```


### For this project

We will need to use the input the user gave us more than once, so we must store it in a variable.

```Python
the_input = input()
```

Variables and lists will also be needed throughout the rest of the game's code.



## Notes
> NOTE 1
Variables are named after math variables. In both cases they are called this because their contents can change (aka vary).
Most of computer science is secretary math, so a lot of words that you associate with math appear in programming as well (ex. functions).

> NOTE 2
You can store anything in a variable, even functions. For example, the below code works.
```python
a = print
a("hi")
```
